docs: mention plugins in editor support (#675)
nuxt-modules/tailwindcss: docs/content/2.tailwind/3.editor-support.md

},
// ...
```

> Please note that this method will remove plugins from your configuration.

Author: ```suggestion
This hook will allow you to customise your generated template through a module in different ways (e.g., different filename, contents, etc.). Please note that `JSON.stringify` will remove plugins from your configuration.
```
